[Music]
eleven unexpected signs that you have a
unique body each person has character
traits peculiar only to him or herself
aspects of the psyche that are if
present and others at all extremely rare
but did you know that our bodies can
possess many unique features - we're
going to tell you about exceptional
physical skills and characteristics
found in only a tiny percentage of
people around the world by the way the
rarest one is the first one number
eleven you'll have a hub I mean
you have a flexible tongue when it comes
to the flexible tongue skill certain
tongue length and muscle tone are a must
in addition to genetics the environment
can also be a factor in this traits
formation for example Indians are
particularly likely to have flexible
tongs scientists believe that this has
to do with the peculiarities of their
language the extent of tongue
flexibility may vary researchers even
went as far as to conduct a special
study on the subject 63% of the test
participants managed to fold their
tongue into a rule 14% managed to bend
it in half and less than 1% were able to
shape their tongue into a triple pipe I
don't know about that but I can tie a
cherry stem in a knot with my tongue
goes over great at family picnics number
10 you have movable ears approximately
22 percent of people on the planet are
capable of wiggling one ear well no more
than eighteen percent can do it with
both ears but this was not always so our
distant ancestors used to be true
virtuosos at making all sorts of
movements with these body parts the fact
is that the muscle responsible for ear
movement was once well-developed in
humans but became redundant in the
course of evolution
[Music]
number nine you can wiggle individual
toes no matter how you try you won't be
able to wiggle each of your toes in turn
that's because only the big toe and the
little toe are fitted with individual
muscles while the rest are controlled
and mass by just one set of muscles most
people in the world can easily move
their big toes but only a minority can
do it with little tugs incidentally some
researchers advise women against
marrying men who can wiggle their little
toes separately from the rest
such people tend to attach too much
importance to their freedom watch out
this little piggy wants a divorce number
8 Darwin's tubercle the protruding
segments on the inside or outside of the
year is called Darwin's tubercle the
famous scientists once suggested that
this feature was the consequence of the
fact that early people's ears used to be
pointy it is believed that those who
possess this distinction no more than
10% of the world's population are better
at sensing voice tonality such people
can also hear high frequency sounds and
identify particular sounds even in noisy
places number 7 diastema diastema is a
gap between the front teeth occurring in
about 20% of humans from the viewpoint
of dentists it's an anomaly that
requires medical intervention however
many people including celebrities think
that this feature adds a uniqueness to
their image number 6 you can raise one
eyebrow the ability to raise only one
eyebrow depends on how well you can
control your facial muscles
interestingly people born with this
feature often possess the skill to move
their ears as well
scientists believe that early humans
were able to wiggle their eyebrows
separately the way certain present-day
species of monkeys do at the sight of
danger
number five dimples on the cheeks
possessed by approximately 25 percent of
the world's population dimples are a
defect in the structure of the zygomatic
muscle which is responsible for smiling
in people with this physiological
feature a small bundle of the muscle
gets attached to the bone as a result
when a person smiles a portion of the
cheek is drawn inward dimples are
particularly noticeable with chubby
cheeks because fat makes the
indentations more pronounced
anybody remember Shirley Temple movie
star back in the 30s
she made a bazillion dollars because of
those dimples
number four holes above the ears
approximately five percent of people on
the planet are born with a small hole
above one or both ears really
interestingly in the USA such people
constitute less than 1% of the
population well in Asia this distinction
is diagnosed in approximately 10% of
newborns scientists are yet to reach a
conclusion about the causes of this
features formation and the role it plays
in the body but some believe that the
holes could be an evolutionary remnant
of fish gills number 3 Hitchhiker's
thumb a checkers thumb is a
physiological phenomenon in which the
upper phalanx of the thumb can bend 90
degrees in the direction opposite to the
palm wow this hyper extensibility is
caused by the presence of a special gene
known as the bendy thumb gene a highly
technical term and such a feature is
inherited and occurs in about 25% of
people number two missing tendon
[Music]
gather all the fingers of one hand
together and tense your wrist if the
tendon on the inside of the wrist does
not become visible you may be one of the
14% of people who don't have the long
palmar muscle this muscle belongs to the
vestigial parts of the body
those whose necessity has disappeared in
the course of evolution experts say that
the absence of the long palmar muscle
does not affect the grip strength or any
other functions assigned to the hands
and number one you can touch your elbow
with your tongue yeah boy it is believed
that no more than 1% of people in the
world have this ability to perform the
trick you need to have a particularly
short forearm and a long tongue but even
with these features you'll still need
good flexibility and very strong
motivation hey watch this see it's not
that hard no I'm just kidding remember
that you can develop some of the
above-mentioned unique skills through
exercise of course you won't acquire
superpowers but you will be able to
impress your friends and tone your
muscles at the same time so which of
these abilities do you have share yours
in the comments don't forget to hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]